With our reducer and action's finished and our Stormwatch will add that here let's see if that works.
Before I add anything let me go back to the application here.
Click on recipes and see if this is an error already looks right though.
So this seems to work.
So adding the feature module itself seems to work.
Let's now start selecting and using the state.
We don't have to do anything in the recipe's component but it starts in the recipe list component.
Here we have this array of recipes for which we loop and it's HVM l template Well you know what a game
dish should now be fetched from our state.
So let's simply inject our story.
So let's say a private store of type store.
As always make sure to import and your eggs store at the top of your file.
And now we need to define the wall the type of this store and here actually we should use our feature
type.
So let's reach out to dad and that's an import import everything else from recipe from our producer
for.
So go up one level over to store and then recipe reducer your.
And now let's use from recipe feature state here.
Because this is the state of this module.
It will be recipes and then your state because this is how we register it in the recipes module recipes
and then the reducer which implicitly will set up the state so that we should be able to fetch this.
We can now get rid of this code here in engine in it.
That's commented out for the moment.
And that simply say this recipe's is equal to this store select and now select recipes again.
Recipes here because we want to select does slice here.
So the name we specified here when setting up the store and module does frozen there are because this
now will not give us back a recipe array but instead it will give us back an observable.
We need to import observable from ngi are x observable.
So make sure there are x yes excuse me are x TS observable to make sure to add does import and this
observable eventually what will it hold.
Well we can get dead state to from recipe's state from it because our feature state has this mapping
where we have this recipe's name again set up here recipe's name which yields us the state of our recipe
module.
So this state that is exactly what we get back this state which will also hold our recipes array.
Well with that information we can go back to the recipe list component.
And here when we loop through it we should rename this.
First of all rename it to recipe state we named here to for that reason.
And now what a template you can loop for recipe state with the async pipe wrapped in parentheses just
recipe state Eysenck and access recipes on that because that is what we'll get back.
And now let's see if that works as expected if we save this and we reload the application here under
recipes does works.
We still get the recipes.
So this is still working.
We're now selecting this directly from our state.
With that you can get rid of that old code here can get rid of the injection of the recipe servers and
this file already and can't get rid of these two imports which we don't need anymore.
So for now we're selecting this new state.
Now what else can we change.
Well we can't get rid of the subscription for example.
We don't need that.
So we can all remove Engy destroy Dione destroy implementation and therefore the subscription implored
A.E. on the stroy import so we can get rid of that and our recipe list fall is pretty Now the next thing
I want to handle is what happens if we actually click on one of the recipes.
So in the template if we click on the recipe on one of these we replicate here because that's the recipe
item here which is wrapped in an anchor tag which simply routes us to the index of that recipe.
So that's the next interesting question I want to answer.
How do we work with that.